When I started with my father in 1980, I wanted to learn everything from him and follow in his foot steps and they where some mighty big shoes to fill. We are here to serve the community with unbeatable food at an affordable price. We are family owned and operated and still bringing our customers the type of service that made us a favorite in Northeast Ohio since 1935. Thanks for letting us meat your family's needs!

Reuben
$11.50


Pastrami Sandwich
$10.00


The Stepandwich
$10.00


World Famous Homemade Roast Beef Sub
$10.00


Corned Beef Sandwich
$10.00


The Beast
$8.00


Turkey Reuben
$7.50


The Big Chew
$7.00


The Big Reubenski
$7.00


Tuna Salad Sub
$7.00


Almost World Famous Homemade Roast Pork Sandwich
$6.50


The Big John
$6.00


Freddie’s Favorite
$6.00


Buffalo Chicken Breast Sub
$6.00


Jaws Club
$5.00


Hot Ham & Cheese Sub
$5.00


Jaworski’s Famous Homemade Sausage Sandwich
$5.00


Chicken Salad Sub
$5.00


Overstuffed Italian Sub
$5.00


Overstuffed Polish Sub
$5.00


Supreme Sub
$5.00


Turkey Club
$5.00


Soup of the Day
$2.50

About Jaworski Meats
In 1935, Fred Jaworski stood behind the counter of his small meat stand in the old Newburg Market. Jaworski Meats was born, another ethnic market amongst the dozens in Slavic Village. But through the years, his modest meat stand became the Grande Dame of the Polish meat market Cleveland Ohio. Its success is a product of Fred’s most important ingredients: hard work, dedication to his customers and, of course, family. Fred’s wife Dorothy and their son Mark quickly became integral parts to Jaworski Meats and have worked there for as long as they can remember. The market has always been regarded as a part of our family. Three generations of nephews, sons and daughters have worked within the venerable walls of Jaworski Meats.

Dorothy Jaworski | Jaworski Meats 
Dorothy Jaworski 1926 – 2019

About Jaworski Meats Fred Jaworski
Fred Jaworski

Fred wore his unmistakable paper butcher hat for the final time when he passed away in March of 1996. To the community, Fred was known simply as “The Kielbasa King.” To his family, he was a husband, a father and a papa. Today Jaworski Meats is owned and operated by Mark Jaworski, the “Kielbasa Kid.” Mark continues to operate under his father’s principles and our establishment is more than proud to meat the needs of the greater Cleveland community, continuing the family tradition. Dorothy Jaworski, aka “The Kielbasa Queen,” worked alongside the crew well into her 90’s until she passed in 2019. 

Receiving multiple deliveries a week, all of our meat is fresh— steaks, ribs, chops, chicken, cold cuts, cheeses. You name it. All of our specialties are homemade— kielbasa, sausages, smokies, Czernina, stuffed cabbage, pierogi and even Kiszka. Check out our lunch menu, backed by a deli counter full of more than just the standard fare. Our homemade roast beef, roast pork, and kielbasa loaf are second to none. Or try the daily lunch special— homemade soups and unique sandwich creations. And who knows what else you will find— Mark is always tucked away in the back, tending to ovens and stoves, synthesizing flavors and creating new tastes that redefine the idea of food.

But we pride ourselves on more than just food. We offer a shopping experience you won’t find in any grocery store. Our walls proudly display photographs and tools of the Polish culture. We’ll cut your meat to order, right in front of you. And we still use white butcher paper. On Saturday’s, you’ll hear the unmistakable sound of the old squeeze-box in stereo. But don’t be surprised if you hear a little Neil Young, too. Talk Browns, Indians, Buckeyes and Cavs with Mark and Adam. But keep quiet if you are a Steelers, Red Sox or Michigan fan. You might ‘accidently’ get a thumb on the scale. We do our best to make sure folks leave our store with a smile. At Jaworski’s, we don’t just run a business. There is a difference. To us, our market is a way of life, a reflection of the proud dedication of the Jaworski name.

So stop in, say “Hi.” We’ll be happy to cut you a nice two-inch steak, right off the loin. But please, don’t ask us for a vegetarian meal.

Say goodbye to pre-packaged factory beef. Jaworski’s Meats are known for having (and still hanging) the freshest meat around. Traditional style Polish butchery is exclusive to the Jaworski way and sets us apart from every other meat market in the area. We are routinely delivered sides of cattle from Bristolville, Ohio and prepare our cuts throughout the day. You will marvel at the marble.

Popular Beef Cuts Offered:
Aged Prime Rib
Bone-in Chuck Roast
Bone-in Sirloin Steak
Boneless Beef Short Ribs
Boneless Chuck Roast
Brisket
Corned Beef Flats
English Cut Roast
Fillet
Flank Steak
Marinated London Broil
Porterhouse
Prime Rib
Rib Steak (Bone-in)
Round Steak
Shank
Sirloin Steak
Sirloin Tip Roast
Skirt Steak
Strip Steak
T-Bone Steak
Tenderloin
Top Round London Broil
Tri-tip Roast
Whole Corned Beef Brisket
*We offer all types of custom cuts. Contact us and we will be happy to meat your needs.
**Meat prices are ever-changing and are rarely consistent. Call for current price list*

We offer a variety of ethnic deli lunch meat and cheeses. Our enormous selection includes classics like rotisserie turkey or head cheese for the bold and daring.

 

Popular Brands
Carolina
Daisyfield
Dietz and Watson
Eckrich
Guggisberg
Kretschmar
Land O’ Lakes
Walnut Creek
Yancey’s Fancy
Lunch Meats
Bologna: Cleveland Bologna, Leona, Garlic, Lebanon
Chicken Breast: Honey Grilled, Buffalo Style Chicken Breast
Corned Beef
Ham: Ham Off the Bone, Bavarian Ham, Baked Ham, Polish Ham, Rosemary Ham, Chip Chop Ham, Hot and Spicy Ham
Loafs: Dutch Loaf, Pimento Loaf, Gyro Loaf, Kielbasa Loaf
Others: Pastrami, Bacon, Salami, Prasky, Pepperoni, Sopressata, Braunschweiger, Smoked Liverwurst
Roast Beef: Homemade roast beef coated with mouth-watering spices and a special marinade
Roast Pork: Homemade roast pork stuffed with smoked Polish kielbasa and seasoned with a blend of different spices
Turkey Breast: Oven Roasted, Smoked Turkey, Peppered Turkey, Bacon Encrusted Turkey
Cheese
Colby Jack Cheese
Garlic Cheddar Cheese
Guggisberg Baby Swiss Cheese
Havarti
Jalapeno and Cayenne Cheese
Land O’ Lakes American Cheese
Land O’ Lakes Sharp American Cheese
Muenster Cheese
New York Sharp Cheddar Cheese (White)
Provolone Cheese
Smoked Cheddar Cheese
Smoked Horseradish Cheese
Smoked Hot Pepper Cheese
Super Hot Pepper Cheese
Swiss on Rye Cheese
Ultra Sharp Cheddar Cheese (Yellow)
Walnut Creek Swiss Cheese
Wasabi Horseradish Cheese

Jaworski’s Meats flavored burgers are made in-house daily and sell out fast. We are known for our custom spice blends and unique flavor combos with a taste that is both addicting and nutritionally rewarding. Grass-fed ground chuck, elk, and bison are among some of the many types of burgers available. We are always experimenting with flavors, and we’re bound to have more than what is offered here.

Pro-Tip: Fri & Sat are the best days to order!

Available Flavors:
Asiago – A personal employee favorite 
Bacon Onion – Big chunks of onion and bacon 
Cajun Blue Cheese – You’ll sing the blues when it’s gone 
Dirty Burger – Infused with the black nugget marinade
Gyro – Ground chuck with gyro spices. Great with Tzatziki sauce!
Jalapeno – This one is for the heat freak 
Kielbasa – Fresh Polish kielbasa without the casing
Mesquite – Full smokey flavor that won’t give you Malaria 
Mushroom and Swiss – Not THOSE kind of mushrooms
Steak with Cheddar Cheese – Unreal with cheese
Steak – Jaworski’s biggest seller (Put it on the Underhill’s tab!)
Sweet Onion – Caramelized sweet onion deliciousness 

Jaworski’s gets our pork from Daisyfield Farms in Sandusky, Ohio. Like the rest of our meats, we bring the farm to table vibe with our pork products as well. You can order bacon sliced to your desired thickness, order a few slabs of ribs or pre-order a massive shoulder. We’ve even got you covered if you need the entire pig. We trim to perfection, and you’ll understand a new meaning of the word “tender” after taking your first bite.

Available Pork Cuts:
Baby Back Ribs
Bacon
Bone-in Loin
Boneless Butterfly Chops
Boneless Loin
Butt/Shoulder
Center Cut Chops
Center Cut Smoked Chops
City Chicken
Country Western Ribs
Sirloin Cut Chops
Spare Ribs*
St. Louis Ribs*
Steaks
Tenderloin
*Not always in stock. Please call ahead

Jaworski Meats Poultry

Jaworski Meats poultry comes from Gerber Farms located in the heart of Amish country near Canton, Ohio. All our chicken is natural, hormone and additive free. All the chickens live a free-range life to ensure supreme quality. Bigger is better and our breasts vary from 2-2.5lbs each. We offer full Turkeys around the holidays or by special order. Stop in today and try some of our chicken wings.

Available Poultry Products:
Bone-in Chicken Breast*
Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breast
Eggs
Fryer Chickens
Soup Chickens
Thighs
Whole Chickens
Wings
*Not always in stock. Please call ahead
**Ground chicken available with 24 hours notice

Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Jaworski’s meat market kielbasa and sausage have been a Cleveland staple for 80 years. Our award winning fresh Polish kielbasa is a massive hit during the holidays. Pair some up with sour kraut, pierogies or on top of one of our tasty subs.

Sausage Flavors Currently Available:
“World Famous Fresh” Polish Kielbasa
Apple Maple Chicken Sausage
Fresh & Smoked Bratwurst
Fresh & Smoked Chicken Sausage
Fresh Beer Brats
Fresh Hot Italian
Fresh Mild Italian
Fresh Sweet Italian
Sicilian Orange & Lemon
Smoked Andouille – Cajun style, great for jambalaya
Smoked Chicken Tomato Basil
Smoked Hungarian
Smoked Polish Kielbasa
Smoked Slovenian

Smokies are beef, chicken, or pork sticks that have been smoked for flavor. Our smokies are made with locally raised meats that do not contain any sort of organ meat or fillers. Just like our flavored burgers, the smokies are made in-house daily while new flavors are always being experimented with.

Available Flavors:
Beef Smokie – Our original smokie is full of flavor and mild
Bold and Tangy – a customer favorite
Buffalo – A buffalo chicken smokie with a hot wing flavor
Fire – This is as hot as it gets. You’ve been warned
Honey – A sweet smokie
Hot Polish – Kielbasa flavor with spices that have been known to burn (in a good way)
Jalapeno and Cheese – Spicy cheesy smokie rich in taste
Mango Habanero – Sweet heat!
Mild Italian – Mild with a hint of Italian spices
Roasted Garlic – A smokie with enough garlic to last a lifetime

Local meat shop boasting a wide selection of steaks, chops and ground beef, plus sausage and smokies sausages.
Located in: Briarcliffe Plaza Shopping Center
Address: 7545 Pearl Rd, Middleburg Heights, OH 44130

aturday	8 AM–4 PM
Sunday
Closed
Monday	Closed
Tuesday	9 AM–6 PM
Wednesday	9 AM–6 PM
Thursday	9 AM–6 PM
Friday	9 AM–6 PM
Suggest new hours

https://www.facebook.com/jaworskimeats/
https://www.instagram.com/jaworskimeats/
